dk/howard/DemoApplication.java
 dk.howard.DemoApplication
dk/howard/domain/User.java
 dk.howard.domain.User
dk/howard/repository/AnswerRepository.java
 dk.howard.repository.AnswerRepository
dk/howard/repository/entity/UserTestPO.java
 dk.howard.repository.entity.UserTestPO
dk/howard/repository/interfaces/IRepository.java
 dk.howard.repository.interfaces.IRepository
dk/howard/repository/entitymanager/EntityManagerProducer.java
 dk.howard.repository.entitymanager.EntityManagerProducer
dk/howard/repository/entitymanager/JpaStarter.java
 dk.howard.repository.entitymanager.JpaStarter
dk/howard/repository/entity/UserPO.java
 dk.howard.repository.entity.UserPO
dk/howard/resource/AnswerResource.java
 dk.howard.resource.AnswerResource
dk/howard/resource/dto/ReadQuestionDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.ReadQuestionDTO
dk/howard/resource/Mapper.java
 dk.howard.resource.Mapper
dk/howard/repository/QuestionRepository.java
 dk.howard.repository.QuestionRepository
dk/howard/domain/Id.java
 dk.howard.domain.Id
dk/howard/resource/dto/CreateAnsweredQuestionDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.CreateAnsweredQuestionDTO
dk/howard/resource/dto/UserDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.UserDTO
dk/howard/repository/entity/AnswerPO.java
 dk.howard.repository.entity.AnswerPO
dk/howard/resource/dto/ReadAnsweredQuestionDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.ReadAnsweredQuestionDTO
dk/howard/Main.java
 dk.howard.Main
dk/howard/repository/Repository.java
 dk.howard.repository.Repository
dk/howard/resource/dto/ReadAnswerDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.ReadAnswerDTO
dk/howard/repository/entity/AnsweredQuestionPO.java
 dk.howard.repository.entity.AnsweredQuestionPO
dk/howard/resource/dto/CreateQuestionDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.CreateQuestionDTO
dk/howard/resource/dto/CreateAnswerDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.CreateAnswerDTO
dk/howard/resource/QuestionResource.java
 dk.howard.resource.QuestionResource
dk/howard/resource/dto/CreateUserDTO.java
 dk.howard.resource.dto.CreateUserDTO
dk/howard/repository/entitymanager/DemoEntityManager.java
 dk.howard.repository.entitymanager.DemoEntityManager
dk/howard/service/AnswerService.java
 dk.howard.service.AnswerService
dk/howard/service/QuestionService.java
 dk.howard.service.QuestionService
dk/howard/repository/entity/QuestionPO.java
 dk.howard.repository.entity.QuestionPO
dk/howard/domain/Name.java
 dk.howard.domain.Name
dk/howard/service/Service.java
 dk.howard.service.Service
dk/howard/repository/AnsweredQuestionRepository.java
 dk.howard.repository.AnsweredQuestionRepository
dk/howard/service/AnsweredQuestionService.java
 dk.howard.service.AnsweredQuestionService
dk/howard/resource/AnsweredQuestionResource.java
 dk.howard.resource.AnsweredQuestionResource
